# Chad

### Welcome to Chad! Your Chat GPT Prompt Engineer.

This app is an experiment to test the capability of Chat GPT in creating prompts for the DALL·E 2 image generator. This app creates the capability for a user to utilize a tested prompt (saved on the server) and change the parameters of two objects to be presented in the image and the style in which the image should be drawn. (More parameters can be introduced in a later version of the app). Below is a description of the app flow:

*Step 1*<br>
User specifies two objects (i.e., bear and dog) and selects a style (i.e., Impressionists). On submit, the user's selections will be added to the prompt below that will be sent to Chat GPT:

"You are a designer that is creative, ability to simplify complex ideas, and have an artistic talent. You have been tasked by a client to create a simple 20-word prompt to generate a high resolution image with DALL·E 2 for a computer desktop. The image features a **user_object_1** and a **user_object_2**. Include the exact phrase, **user_style** style. Do not include the phrase DALL·E 2 in the prompt. Only include 1 verb or adjective. Return only the prompt."

*Step 2*<br>
User reviews the prompt created by Chat GPT based on the prompt it received from step 1. If the user approves the prompt, it will be sent to DALL·E 2 for image creation.

*Step 3*<br>
Final results, both the image generated by DALL·E 2 and the prompt it received from Chat GPT are ready for user viewing!

To try out the app for yourself, visit this url: https://chad-gpt.herokuapp.com

#### Technology used<br>
React.js, Node.js, Express.js, OpenAI API (Chat GPT-3 and DALL·E 2), Heroku


## Start sever

cd in folder /server and use 'npx nodemon'

## Start client

cd in folder /client and use 'npm start'

## Build to Heroku

git push heroku main